all you know what I didn't finish last
week was I started to say I was actually
rooting for a-rod and people mentioned
that I i forgot to say why uh I don't
know why it was something about
everybody bow in him that just made me
yeah just just the level with which
people were booing the guy you know and
I'm a complete look this is how I look
at it I can't judge the dude the only
way you could boo them like that is if
you lived a perfect life all right all
that money on the fucking table come on
complete piece of shit like me you think
I'm not going to fucking do some roids
to hang in the game do you think if they
made a steroid that allowed you to read
advertising smoothly that I wouldn't be
on the juice right now just so I could
stay in the podcasting league for
another couple of years to for the kids
I don't have to feed um there's I you
know what it is I don't like how people
they I don't think it's fair that they
look at like entertainers and athletes
the way they do and start saying this
what's wrong with this country Lily
still going down like that and then they
just fucking let bankers go you think if
they gave just as much more shit to
bankers and then they came on athletes
and entertainers like that I'd be all
right that makes sense makes sense to me
you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go
I'm gonna fucking start my own trading
cards rather than tops like baseball or
football cards I'm gonna start mine it's
going to be banker cards so everybody
knows what they look like and they're
fucking stats will be on the back all
the horrific shit that they did and I
don't know maybe they get booed when
they were on the way to their lobster
fucking encrusted lunch will that be
nice every once in a while so there you
have it for some stupid reason I'm
rooting for a-rod I want to hit him a
bunch of fucking home runs and I don't
know what after that just cuz everybody
off only a few people booed him I'd
still be against him but the fact that
everybody was just fucking trashing up
to a couple people had sides but some
moron said the other day you know it's
good I'll
DS really puts that Pete Rose take of
the perspective but it now no it doesn't
know it doesn't gambling is the worst
fucking thing you can do it's worse than
peds it's worse than an individual
cheating all right you're talking about
when you start gambling you're talking
about throwing the game then it becomes
wrestling right and I'm not saying that
on a certain level that you're up in the
ante but the peds you definitely are but
gambling is the worst the outcome of the
game cannot be decided before the
fucking game starts you can't have
people doing that shit all right you
want to take some go-go juice and maybe
change the outcome I think that's half
as bad why is my voice you know when I
was in a bar last night screaming over
music it's not as bad and for everybody
who's gonna send me a fucking email
about it at bill at the mmm podcast calm
I'm telling you right now I'm closed off
to your opinions you can try and sway me
but I don't want to fucking hear it
gambling up baseball it's the worst
thing you can do that's why they have it
over every everything when you walk down
the tunnel that's what they have oh by
the way don't go out there and throw the
game this isn't wrestling all right put
on your aqua velva go out there and try